Hey, so handsome!
What's the situation now?
Why haven't the old family members woken up yet? Butler Ming
You don't know
The divine doctor just used a nine-turn resurrection needle
This needle can save even the dead
Mr. Su must be fine, so powerful?
I didn't expect it.
You actually know that the Nine Revolutions Dusk is really cloudy
I am Sun Song, vice president of the South China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine
I have only seen this kind of true method in traditional Chinese medicine flute inspection
I didn't expect to be fortunate enough to see you test the needle in person today
Please also accept me as your disciple
Ah, Miss Su can't move yet
Wait for him to remove the silver needle from your father's body
Just take it all off
Humph
Going to jail
Okay.
Be careful!
Dad, how are you feeling?
I feel better now.
This little girl
You saved me, right?